The general current support incident number TB 23032. 264, the incident type is weapons reporting officers. Duffy badge 362. Report time is Thursday, August 10th, 2020, approximately 17, 2,900 hours. Current subocation 704 McLaughlin Street, Current Times, 2023, August 10th, between 06-5600 hours and 7-10-100 hours. One person to describe male complainant named Matthew A-C-H-N-E-Pidiscom. Sir name is A-C-H-N-E-P-I-N-E-S-K-U-M. Matthew is M-A-T-T-H-E-W. He is born 2000. April 21. He resides at 704 McGuachland Street and his cellular device is 631-96-17. The dictation is as follows on Thursday, August 10th, 2023, approximately 0.55,600 hours, Council Gerald Duffy Badge 362 and Constable Justin Wacharick, badge 779. We're initially dispatched to the area behind the landmark in at 10 10 Doston Road in regards to a weapons call in progress Next prior to Consul arrival they were informed that a male complainant had initially informed the communication department that he was behind the Landmark Inn and had sustained a stab wound and that the accused was still in the vicinity. Next paragraph, prior to heading in the direction of the Landmark Inn, communication department advised Consul Duffy and Council. that the complaint later identified as Matthew Atchipinescom was in fact nowhere near that location but was at his residence of 704 McLaughlin Street. Next paragraph, a ping of the cell phone belonging to Matthew Atchipinescom was conducted and verified that it was in the area of 706 McLaughlin Street. Next paragraph. Probably 7, 10, 100 hours, Council Duffian Council, which Eric arrived in the area of 706 McLaughlin Street, knocked on the door of the residents and were able to speak to a Darren Gorell, starting as G-O-R-R-E-L, Darren is D-A-R-R-E-N. Mr Gorell had no idea why officers were present and stated that he does not know a paragraph it should be noted that officers observed that the address known as 704 McLaughlin was just next door due the fact that 706 and 704 McLaughlin Street were attached as a duplex. Next paragraph, Constable is knocked on the 704 McLaughlin Street. Any male identifying himself as Matthew Ashkenescombe did answer the door. Matthew Asken Beescombe was observed to be intoxicated by way of alcohol and officers observed him to be intoxicated showing the following signs of intoxication unsteady on speech slurred speech admitting to consuming alcohol on this morning and his emotion swings, mood swings were quite significant. Next paragraph. The complainant Matthew Achefizum admitted to officers that this was in fact a very bad joke and that this was done in order that he may film a TikTok video for his social media feed. Next paragraph. Achiavicum was quite remorseful for his actions I apologize at least six seven times and stated that he had already deleted said video from his social media feed on TikTok Next paragraph, Council Duffy was able to verify that Matthewslercum was not injured in any way, did not require medical attention, and believes, his account of the story that this was all done in order to get likes on his social media feed. Next paragraph, the complainant Atchikiscom was advised that he could face criminal charges of public mischief for entering false information to police. Yet again, he was... remorseful and apologized to officers. Council Duffy decided to use officer discretion and did not lay criminal charges against Matthew Atchipinescom. And this report is filed only for the purposes of that the call came in as a weapons call. No further action required by police at this time. This is the end of the dictation.